identity is a proud sponsor of ayam
Angus for more information visit
identity com
this operation started actually as a
feed store and branched out to a feedlot
thinking the 60s and in 1980 I became
Foreman of Carlson rants just west of
Chapel about eight miles and they also
owned this this yard and as time went on
after about ten years was ranch manager
myself my wife and another couple was
our partners purchased the feedlot in in
1992 you know some people aren't quality
oriented some people are maybe more
quality quantity oriented or are just
plain don't care you know we have
instances where cattle will make 70
hundred dollars a head more than than
just the average live market if they
have a good number of Certified Angus
beef and some other premiums from grids
I guess to be a big deal the source and
age is has had pretty good value most of
our customers take part in that so the
Certified Angus beef label in itself and
the premiums it generates I'm not too
quite a little money in the course of
year it it lets us pay our employees
well and for a small community I think
the Certified Angus beef label some of
the things other things we do just all
generate more income Certified Angus
beef is locally raised it's because it's
more or less a family of producers that
have the quality of cattle that to fit
the program rather they're a ranch a
mile away or in Montana
it's just geography because actually the
qualities there the specs are there and
it's people we know and deal with we
know every ever pen in here we know the
rancher we know where he lives we've
probably been to his house so actually
Certified Angus beef fits fits the local
role it's a brand you can rely on time
and time again that has quality there's
a lot of money and time and sweat and
work goes into putting that steak on the
table and I think that's that's where
the pride is is in the work ethic and
the the caring of all our people to work
here and the care and the passion that
the rancher has and it's a labor of love